replace "system" language (#1665)
Qiskit/documentation: docs/guides/primitives.mdx

## How to use Qiskit primitives

The `qiskit.primitives` module enables the development of primitive-style quantum programs and was specifically

> designed to simplify switching between different types of quantum computers. The module provides three separate classes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
designed to simplify switching between different types of quantum compute resources. The module provides three separate classes
```

2. `BaseSampler` and `BaseEstimator`

These are abstract base classes that define a common interface for implementing primitives. All other classes in the `qiskit.primitives` module inherit from these base classes, and developers should use these if they are interested in developing their own primitives-based execution model for a specific provider. These classes may also be useful for those who want to do highly customized processing and find the existing primitives implementations too simple for their needs.

3. `BackendSampler` and `BackendEstimator`

> If a provider does not support primitives natively, you can use these classes to “wrap” any quantum computer into a primitive. Users can write primitive-style code for providers that don’t yet have a primitives-based interface. These classes can be used just like the regular Sampler and Estimator, except they should be initialized with an additional `backend` argument for selecting which quantum computer to run on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a provider does not support primitives natively, you can use these classes to “wrap” any quantum computing resource into a primitive. Users can write primitive-style code for providers that don’t yet have a primitives-based interface. These classes can be used just like the regular Sampler and Estimator, except they should be initialized with an additional `backend` argument for selecting which quantum computer to run on.
```

Reviewer: I think in these two places referring to the quantum computers as a "quantum compute resource" or "quantum computing resource" feels more appropriate.
